Mr. and Mrs. Mustard have six daughters and each daughter has one brother. How many people are in the Mustard family?
9
I am something people love or hate. I change peoples appearances and thoughts. If a person takes care of them self I will go up even higher. To some people I will fool them. To others I am a mystery. Some people might want to try and hide me but I will show. No matter how hard people try I will Never go down. What am I?
age
Only one color, but not one size,Stuck at the bottom, yet easily flies. Present in sun, but not in rain,Doing no harm, and feeling no pain. What is it? A(n) 
shadow
Who is that with a neck and no head, two arms and no hands?  What is it? A(n)
shirt
If eleven plus two equals one, what does nine plus five equal? answer with digit(s)
2
It can't be seen, can't be felt, can't be heard, and can't be smelt. It lies behind stars and under hills, And empty holes it fills. It comes first and follows after, Ends life, and kills laughter. What is it?
dark
What English word retains the same pronunciation, even after you take away four of its five letters?
queue
Three playing cards in a row. Can you name them with these clues? There is a two to the right of a king. A diamond will be found to the left of a spade. An ace is to the left of a heart. A heart is to the left of a spade. Now, identify all three cards. hint 3 of clubs = 3c
adkh2s
What is it that given one, you'll have either two or none? A(n)
choice
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?
footsteps
What 8 letter word can have a letter taken away and it still makes a word. Take another letter away and it still makes a word. Keep on doing that until you have one letter left. What is the word?
starting
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs? A(n)
penny
What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years?
the letter m
What has many keys, but can't even open a single door? A(n)
piano
Re-arrange the letters, O O U S W T D N E J R, to spell just one word. What is it?
justoneword
Poor people have it. Rich people need it. If you eat it you die. what is it?
nothing
What room do ghosts avoid? The ___ room.
living
What belongs to you, but other people use it more than you?
your name
What has six faces, but does not wear makeup, has twenty-one eyes, but cannot see? What is it? A(n)
die
How do you make the number 7 an even number without addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division?
drop the s
I am a word of six; my first three letters refer to an automobile; my last three letters refer to a household animal; my first four letters is a fish; my whole is found in your room. What am I?
carpet
A pregnant lady named her children: Dominique, Regis, Michelle, Fawn, Sophie and Lara. What will she name her next child? Jessica, Katie, Abby or Tilly?
Tilly
I'm not clothes but I cover your body; The more I'm used, the thinner I grow. What am I?
soap bar
A time when they are green, a time when they're brown, but both of these times, cause me to frown. But just in between, for a very short while, They're perfect and yellow and cause me to smile!
bananas
Sometimes I am born in silence, Other times, no. I am unseen, But I make my presence known. In time, I fade without a trace. I harm no one, but I am unpopular with all. What am I?
fart
There are 2 ducks in front of 2 other ducks. There are 2 ducks behind 2 other ducks. There are 2 ducks beside 2 other ducks. How many ducks are there?
four
I am strong enough to smash ships, but I fear the Sun. What am I?
ice
If there are four sheep, two dogs and one herds-men, how many feet are there? Answer with digits
2
What can you hold in your right hand, but not in your left?
your left hand
I always follow you around, everywhere you go at night. I look very bright to people, but I can make the sun dark. I can be in many different forms and shapes. What am I?
moon
A cloud was my mother, the wind is my father, my son is the cool stream, and my daughter is the fruit of the land. A rainbow is my bed, the earth my final resting place, and I'm the torment of man. Who Am I?
rain
There is a clothing store in Bartlesville. The owner has devised his own method of pricing items. A vest costs $20, socks cost $25, a tie costs $15 and a blouse costs $30. Using the method, how much would a pair of underwear cost? $___.
45
A man was just doing his job when his suit was torn. Why did he die three minutes later? He wass a(n)__
astronaut
If 5 cats catch 5 mice in 5 minutes, how long will it take one cat to catch a mouse? ___ minutes
5
I am the beginning of sorrow, and the end of sickness. You cannot express happiness without me, yet I am in the midst of crosses. I am always in risk, yet never in danger. You may find me in the sun, but I am never out of darkness. What am I?
the letter s
A farmer in California owns a beautiful pear tree. He supplies the fruit to a nearby grocery store. The store owner has called the farmer to see how much fruit is available for him to purchase. The farmer knows that the main trunk has 24 branches. Each branch has exactly 12 boughs and each bough has exactly 6 twigs. Since each twig bears one piece of fruit, how many plums will the farmer be able to deliver? answer with digits.
0
What day would yesterday be if Thursday was four days before the day after tomorrow?
friday
What relation would your father's sister's sister-in-law be to you? your ___
mother
If the day before yesterday is the 23rd, then what is the day after tomorrow? answer with a number i.e. 3 not third.
27
I can be long, or I can be short. I can be grown, and I can be bought. I can be painted, or left bare. I can be round, or square. What am I?
fingernails
I'm the part of the bird that's not in the sky. I can swim in the ocean and yet remain dry. What am I? A(n)
shadow
If your uncle's sister is not your aunt, what relation is she to you? Your ___
mother
What common English verb becomes its own past tense by rearranging its letters?
eat
If you have two coins which total 35 cents and one of the coins is not a dime, what are the two coins? largest value first.
a quarter and a dime
Which word is the odd one out: Seventy, Brawl, Clover, Proper, Carrot, Swing, Change, Travel, Sacred, Stone?
Carrot
I am a path situated between high natural masses. Remove my first letter and you have a path situated between man-made masses. A(n)
valley
Tommorrow Is Neither Wednesday Nor Thursday. Yesterday Was Not Friday Or Saturday. Today Is Not Thursday Nor Monday Nor Sunday. What Day Is Today?
friday
I am the ruler of shovels, I have a double. I am as thin as a knife, I have a wife. What am I?
the king of spades
I don't have eyes, but once I did see. Once I had thoughts, but now I'm white and empty. What am I? A(n)
skull
I love to dance and twist and prance, I shake my tail, as away I sail, wingless I fly into the sky.What am I? A(n)
kite
What has to be broken before it can be used? A(n)
egg
How many bricks does it take to complete a brick building? Use digits.
1
If life gets tough, what do you have that you can always count on?
your fingers
If you put roast in a roaster, what do you put in a toaster?
bread
We hurt without moving. We poison without touching. We bear the truth and the lies. We are not to be judged by our size. What are we?
words
What can be stolen, mistaken, or altered, yet never leaves you your entire life?
identity
What is red and blue, and purple and green? No one can reach it, not even the queen?
rainbow
On Christmas eve, when Santa leaves his workshop on the north pole, what direction does he travel?
south
If a wheel has 64 spokes, how many spaces are there between the spokes?
64
I look at you, you look at me, I raise my right, you raise your left. What am I?
reflection
Two men are in a desert. They both have packs on. One of the guys is dead. The guy who is alive has his pack open, the guy who is dead has his pack closed. What is in the pack? A(n)
parachute
Who can shave three times a day and still grow a beard? A(n)
barber
What can you find in the center of gravity?
the letter v